This is the LICENCE file for Simon Tatham's musical symbols font
'Gonville'.

The usable form of Gonville consists of font files in standard font
formats: OTF, Type 1 PFA and SVG. These files are generated as
output by running a set of computer programs (the source code).

Use of the output font files is UNRESTRICTED. I, Simon Tatham,
hereby disclaim any copyright I may hold in those files, to the
maximum extent permitted by law. Anybody receiving a copy of a
Gonville font file is hereby granted permission to use, copy, modify
and redistribute it in any form with no restrictions and with no
conditions. In particular, typesetting with Gonville font files in a
way that embeds portions of the font data in the output document
(e.g. PDF) imposes no constraint whatsoever on the ways in which you
may use or license the resulting document.

---

The Gonville source code is copyright 2009 Simon Tatham. All rights
reserved.

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person
obtaining a copy of this software and associated documentation files
(the "Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction,
including without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge,
publish, distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software,
and to permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so,
subject to the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS
BE LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN
ACTION OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN
CONNECTION WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE
SOFTWARE.
